---
book: "cannastore"
icon: "seed"
itemtype: "Product"
seed_id: "1530034"
title: "420 Punch Feminized Seeds"
description: "420 Punch Feminized is a 60% indica / 40% Sativa strain. The 65 to 70 day flowering time produces dense, purple buds. Flavours of berries, fruit and more."
image: "https://img.sensiseeds.com/en/research/420-punch-feminized-image.png"
slug: "/en-420-punch-feminized-seeds"
url: "https://sensiseeds.com/en/research/420-punch-feminized?a_aid=cannastore"
price: 49
currency: "eur"
number_of_seeds: 10
category: "Sensi Seeds Research"
flowering_min: 65
flowering_max: 70
strain_type: "Feminized"
climate_zone: "Sunny / Mediterranean"
yield: "Medium Yield"
heigh_gain: "Average height gain"
locale: "en"
---
420 Punch Feminized is a delight to the senses. First, the eyes are drawn towards the sparkling, purpling buds that get their seductive looks from the Purple Punch in its parental lineage. Next, the nose is consumed by complex aromas that touch on all possibilities. Finally, gardeners cultivating fruity and berry flavours will be in heaven as these predominant tastes blend with others to complete this treat for the senses. 420 Punch Feminized seeds are a carefully selected outcross of Do-Si-Dos and Purple Punch. The growth pattern of 420 Punch Feminized420 Punch Feminized is an indica-dominant strain. The indica dominance is notable in the plants compact growth structure. Gardeners can anticipate sturdy lateral branching and tight internodal spacing. Occasional defoliation will improve the airflow within the canopy. 420 Punch is feminized, so there is no need to worry about pre-sexing plants. It has a desirable flowering time of 65 to 70 days. Although this strain has a slightly longer flowering time, gardeners are rewarded for the wait. 420 Punch Feminized stays nice and compact during the vegetative stages. Growers should expect some stretch in early flowering. As harvest day approaches, this plant will express an average final height for most indoor cultivators. Outdoor gardeners can expect a slightly large plant.Yields from this strain are average in overall weight. 420 Punch produces in the area of 450 to 500 grams per meter squared indoors. Outside, yields are commonly be reported in the 550 grams per plant range. Buds of 420 Punch routinely form into dense nuggets up and down the sturdy branches. During the final weeks, the buds appearance will begin to purple while on the plant.For outdoor gardens, 420 Punch is suited only for areas that can provide enough warmth during the growing season. These are often considered Mediterranean type climates. The natural bushiness of the 420 Punch Feminized takes shape without using many of the common training techniques. One training method with continued success has been the SOG method.Effect, taste, and smell of 420 Punch Feminized420 Punch Feminized cannabis seeds are a 60% indica-dominant variety. The indica dominance is well balanced by the influence of the 40% sativa genetics in regards to the smell, flavour, and effect. In contrasting but complementary ways, the dried flower of 420 Punch Feminized presents many layers to its alluring profile. The onset of effects from 420 Punch has been conveyed as invigorating with a euphoric buzz. Uplifting moods and optimistic outlooks set the journey in motion and are both positive indicators for the overall experience with this dried flower. By the time your head hits the clouds, consumers will realize the sense of deep relaxation that has crept in all over their bodies. The effects of 420 Punch have been described as a perfect combination of indica and sativa genetics.420 Punch Feminized will go through a few terpene shifts throughout an entire grow. In vegetative stages, odours remain low and reminiscent of growing green vegetation. As flowering begins, faint scents start to fill the air of indoor garden spaces. Hints of floral, herbal, and even fruity terpenes can be detected in the surrounding air. Overall, the smell remains mild and pleasant all the way through harvest.The finished flower that has been properly dried and cured contains a multitude of terpenes. A few of these terpenes, like the spicy and herbal aromas detectable in 420 Punch Feminized are often associated with indica dominant strains. To balance out the overall terpene profile, contributions from the sativa lineage, such as the presence of fruity and citrusy smells combine to impress the senses.Cultivators are equally impressed with the brilliant and natural blending of classic indica and sativa focused flavours. A flavour explosion begins from the second 420 Punch Feminized enters the mouth. Front and centre are unmistakable tastes of sweet berries and refreshing, mouth-watering fruits. On the rear taste buds, announcing their presence on the exhale are the traditionally indica flavours, consisting of exotic spice and earthy notes.Did you know? Both parental lines (Do-Si-Dos and Purple Punch) are the recipients of many prestigious awards
