---
book: "cannastore"
icon: "seed"
itemtype: "Product"
seed_id: "1530044"
title: "Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic Seeds"
description: "Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic produces dense, trichome-covered buds with an amazingly fruity taste. This 60% indica / 40% sativa is an easy-to-grow plant."
image: "https://img.sensiseeds.com/en/research/blueberry-zkittlez-automatic-image.png"
slug: "/en-blueberry-zkittlez-automatic-seeds"
url: "https://sensiseeds.com/en/research/blueberry-zkittlez-automatic?a_aid=cannastore"
price: 52.01
currency: "eur"
number_of_seeds: 10
category: "Sensi Seeds Research"
flowering_min: 50
flowering_max: 55
strain_type: "Auto"
climate_zone: "Temperate / Continental"
yield: "Heavy Yield"
heigh_gain: "Compact plant"
locale: "en"
---
About Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic seeds are a ticket to the flavour train. An ideal plant for new growers to gain confidence with, the flavour-packed taste is enjoyed by all. Notes of berries, grapefruit, oranges, pineapple, and more coat the tastebuds and dazzle the senses. The multi-layered flavour profile likely comes from the Blueberry and Durban influences, which are half of the genetic background of Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic. The effects and ability to do well in harsher environments are likely inherited from the Northern Lights #5 and Skunk Kush, which are the other half of the genetic makeup.At the onset, a gentle euphoric shift takes place. From there, the worries melt away. A fun and easy plant to grow, its compact nature makes it perfect for indoor tents. Outdoors, she is a hardy plant and can be grown in temperate/continental climates. The growth pattern on Blueberry Zkittlez AutomaticThe 60% indica influence is seen in the growth pattern of Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic. Overall, it is a compact plant, with tight internodal spacing that can reach a height of 70 - 100 cm indoors. Outdoors, it is not unusual to see plants grow to at least 100 cm. Branches on Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic are sturdy, with bright green foliage during the vegetative stage. The leaves and flowers can take on purple hues beneath the layer of thick, large-headed trichomes during the flowering stage.Blueberry Zkittlez seeds are an automatic variety, which can be a benefit for new growers. Growers will not need to change the light schedule for flowering to begin, as the plant does it automatically. Flowering times are faster than most photoperiod plants, and Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic is ready for harvest in just 50-55 days after flowering begins.Compact, with one central cola and a few well-developed lateral branches, Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic can yield 450 - 500 grams per m² indoors. Outdoors, harvests can reach upwards of 350 grams per plant. No special plant training techniques (such as SOG and SCROG) are needed to grow Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic successfully.Flower development on Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic is phenomenal. Easy to see from across the grow room, big, dense buds fill the compact frame of the plant. Each colourful flower looks like it took a bath in trichomes. Bright orange stigmas decorate the green and purple plant material below. The combination of all these elements gives Blueberry Zkittlez massive bag appeal.An easy-to-grow plant, it does very well in the controlled environment of indoor grow spaces. Outdoors, Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic is able to withstand some cold and rainy conditions commonly found in regions further from the equator. Effects, taste, and smell of Blueberry Zkittlez AutomaticWhile Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic is growing, the smell is subdued. A slightly pungent floral scent arises during the last few weeks of flowering. As the plant is harvested and cured, this smell evolves into a delightful combination of aromas. The immediate impression on the nose is a sweet and fruity odour with a splash of grapefruit, all of which come from the sativa lineage. The indica influence on Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic is present in the faint undertones of earthiness on the backend of the inhale. Complex, layered, and invigorating are all words used to describe the flavour palate of Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic. It begins with the taste of sweet berries and grapefruit before a citrus explosion takes over. Oranges, pineapple, and citrusy lime mojito all make their presence known amongst the concoction of tasty flavours. For an encore, the backend has detectable notes of chocolate, a rare and desired flavour in cannabis.Effects from Blueberry Zkittlez Automatic are a good hybrid of indica and sativa qualities. Immediately people will experience a light tingling and a gentle euphoric wave of energy spread across the body. Slowly, an all-encompassing body stone takes over. This feeling can calm the mind and body, giving all of our muscles the relaxation that people desire.Did you know? Blueberry Zkittlez was created using cannabis cup-winning genetics.The Zkittlez strain was renamed with “Z’s” after a lawsuit from Mars Wrigley for trademark infringement of the candy Skittles. Zkittlez is also known as Skittlez and Skittlz. It is an ideal strain for new growers.
