---
book: "cannastore"
icon: "seed"
itemtype: "Product"
seed_id: "1530036"
title: "Honey Melon Kush Feminized Seeds"
description: "Honey Melon Kush Feminized is a 70% indica / 30% sativa strain with XL yields. Blueberry, grape, and skunky flavours, sweet aromas. Euphoric and relaxing."
image: "https://img.sensiseeds.com/en/research/honey-melon-kush-image.png"
slug: "/en-honey-melon-kush-feminized-seeds"
url: "https://sensiseeds.com/en/research/honey-melon-kush?a_aid=cannastore"
price: 75
currency: "eur"
number_of_seeds: 10
category: "Sensi Seeds Research"
flowering_min: 60
flowering_max: 70
strain_type: "Feminized"
climate_zone: "Temperate / Continental"
yield: "Heavy Yield"
heigh_gain: "Compact plant"
locale: "en"
---
Honey Melon Kush Feminized has the flavour to back up the name. A fruity combination of blueberry, grape and a hint of skunk burst from this magnificent strain. Honey Melon Kush is a cross of two crowd favourites, Blueberry and Girl Scout Cookies. Beautifully dense buds are packed with trichomes covering every open surface on the massively swollen calyxes. This flowers aroma adds another pleasant layer of complexity to the overall profile.The growth pattern of Honey Melon Kush FeminizedHoney Melon Kush Feminized is an indica-dominant strain. Gardeners with prior experience will recognize the indica traits in this plant structure, and it is an ideal choice for beginner growers. Given the classical indica structure of tight internodal spacing and heavy leaf-set, Honey Melon Kush Feminized will benefit from regular but light defoliation.It is a feminized strain, and cultivators will not need to identify and remove any male plants, saving time and valuable garden space. Once flowering is initiated, Honey Melon Kush Feminized finishes in 60 to 70 days.Honey Melon Kush Feminized grows compact, but the mature plant reaches a medium height overall. Indoors, it is not uncommon for plants to finish at 100 to 150 cm. Outdoor growers can expect some additional height, in most cases 150 cm and slightly above. Closely spaced branching and heavy foliage make this a plant that will need extra airflow in the tent to get deeper into the thick canopy.Gardeners looking to maximize the efficiency of the grow space enjoy Honey Melon Kush Feminized seeds for the rewarding XL yields. Indoors, gardeners have reported yields as high as 500 to 550 grams per m2. Outdoors, cultivators are seeing even more returns, with yields around 600 grams per plant. The flowers of Honey Melon Kush are gathered tightly on the main stems and often grow into chunky and dense buds. Swollen calyxes stick out from the main body of each flower, which is covered in glistening trichomes.Outdoor growers will be pleased to know that Honey Melon Kush Feminized will flourish in a continental climate. This strain is also suitable for growing indoors and in Mediterranean climates. Although the buds become chunky and heavy, standard training techniques like SCROG, SOG, Supecropping, and Lollipopping are not commonly used when growing this plant.Effect, taste, and smell of Honey Melon Kush FeminizedHoney Melon Kush Feminized is 70% indica, but the remaining 30% sativa influence comes to the surface in the flavour and aroma. Like many popular indica strains, the effects are felt throughout the body, but the initial onset is reminiscent of sativa varieties. Similarly, there are detectable notes of an indica-leaning earthiness in the terpene profile, but this sits below the more refreshing scents familiar to sweet-smelling sativa strains.The onset of effects from Honey Melon Kush Feminized greets people with a tingling sensation that travels down from the crown of the head to the tip of the toes. As this takes place, a blanket of uplifting euphoria encapsulates participants and sets them off into a blissful journey of mind and body. Honey Melon Kush eases the days worries and then goes to work relaxing the body. In the end, warm and soothing vibes envelop the body to complete the effects of this fantastic new strain.During the vegetative stage of growth, smells within the garden remain minimal. The majority of gardeners do not notice a noticeable presence of aromas until Honey Melon Kush Feminized is flipped into the flowering stage. Early in flower, the scents are subdued, but they gradually gain strength as the buds form. During the final flowering stages, mild nuances of cannabis can be detected in the air. When gardeners hold privacy as a primary concern, using some air filtration device is not uncommon.Honey Melon Kush Feminized radiates with an enticing terpene combination that appeals to the crowd. Sativa lovers will be pleased with the sweet and fruity expressions filling the air as the dried flower is prepared for use. This strain has more than just sweet and fruity in its bouquet, and indica lovers will be equally satisfied. Beneath the complimentary layers lies a distinct, robust, and calming bed of earthy terpenes that lingers in the air.The flavours of Honey Melon Kush Feminized represent both sides of it is parental strains. The influence from the Blueberry lineage is evident in the mouthwatering blueberry sweetness. From there, this fruity delight is complimented by an impactful essence of candy-grape flavours bubbling to the surface. Leaning more towards the Girl Scout Cookies influence, there exists a slightly earthy zest that is masked by skunky undertones, rounding out the accompaniment of flavours presented by Honey Melon Kush buds.Did you know? Honey Melon Kush is available in a Automatic variant as well.
