---
book: "cannastore"
icon: "seed"
itemtype: "Product"
seed_id: "1530022"
title: "Skunk Dream CBD Feminized Seeds"
description: "Skunk Dream CBD Feminized is 70% sativa, 30% indica. It has a THC level of 0.25%, and a relaxing high. The aroma is spicy and floral."
image: "https://img.sensiseeds.com/en/research/skunk-dream-cbd-feminized-image.png"
slug: "/en-skunk-dream-cbd-feminized-seeds"
url: "https://sensiseeds.com/en/research/skunk-dream-cbd-feminized?a_aid=cannastore"
price: 71
currency: "eur"
number_of_seeds: 10
category: "Sensi Seeds Research"
flowering_min: 75
flowering_max: 80
strain_type: "Feminized"
climate_zone: "Sunny / Mediterranean"
yield: "XXL Yield"
heigh_gain: "Compact plant"
locale: "en"
---
Skunk Dream CBD Feminized is 70% sativa, 30% indica. The strain contains extremely low levels of THC, and users report an intoxicating relaxation, without any noticeable psychoactive effects. The stone is calming for the body and mind, and the yields are usually huge. Growers enjoy the pleasantly floral, spicy aroma, and the potent diesel taste, which has hints of ginger. This strain grows well outdoors in Mediterranean climates, and indoors everywhere. One of the most famous Sensi Seeds strains, Skunk #1 was originally born in the US. Obviously, we could not leave it out of the CBD family and so we’re proud to present the CBD version of our beloved Skunk #1 in a strictly non-psychoactive form. Now everyone, even those who don’t want to become high, can enjoy the unmistakable taste of the original Skunk #1, and become a devoted fan of the mother of all the new cannabis trends in the last 35 years. Skunk Dream CBD is the perfect expression of the American potential of Sensi Seeds Skunk #1, blended with the full-body relaxation and calming elements of high CBD concentrations.Growth pattern of Skunk Dream CBD FeminizedSkunk Dream CBD Feminized is sativa dominant (70% to 30% indica). It’s got a THC to CBD ratio of 1:26, and incredibly low levels of THC (just 0.25%). The CBD content is around 7%. As such, it’s a strain that may appeal to those looking for a relaxing effect, without any psychoactive impact.This is a feminized cannabis seed variety, and as such will not produce any male plants, only feminized ones. This makes cultivation easier for inexperienced growers. The plants have an average flowering time of around 70 to 75 days, which means they’re usually harvested in October if grown outdoors. It should be noted that they can grow to tall heights, so should be planted in an environment with plenty of space. A major draw of Skunk Dream CBD Feminized is the generous yields. When cultivated indoors, growers can obtain up to 550 to 600 g per square metre. Outside, if given unlimited root space, the harvest can reach 800 g per plant.Thanks to the sativa dominance, the plants are not only tall, but also typically sativa in appearance. They have a ‘stretched out’, somewhat aerated structure, and form plenty of fluffy buds during the flowering stage.This strain flourishes in locations with warm, sunny summers, such as the Mediterranean. It’s also naturally pest-resistant, which is advantageous for novice gardeners. Alternatively, the plants can be cultivated inside, but will need room to reach their full potential height. Experienced growers may want to experiment with the SCROG (Screen of Green) or supercropping techniques when cultivating. Effect, taste, and smell of Skunk Dream CBD Feminized Skunk Dream CBD Feminized is 70% sativa and 30% indica. However, what’s notable about this strain’s high is that, even though one of its parents is the powerful, high-energy Skunk #1, it doesn’t produce any psychoactive effects. The low THC levels mean that (with the right preparation) it’s legal to grow in some countries, such as Switzerland. The CBD definitely makes itself known upon consumption, with users reporting a pleasant sense of relaxation, both in the body and mind. The lack of psychoactive effect in no way compromises the typical skunkiness and earthy notes in the flavour and scent of Skunk #1. The plants produce a spicy, floral aroma while they’re growing, and this becomes stronger as the buds approach harvest-time. The taste echoes this spicy smell, and also has notes of diesel and ginger. In a nutshell Skunk Dream CBD Feminized has THC levels of 0.25%, so when consumed, it doesn’t produce a psychoactive effectIt has a THC to CBD ratio of 1:26The plants have a flowering period of 70 to 75 days, and grow fairly tallThis strain thrives in warm, sunny conditionsIt’s naturally pest-resistantThanks to the low THC levels, it can be legal to grow Skunk Dream CBD Feminized in SwitzerlandThe strain offers bumper yields, both inside and outIt’s a feminized strain, and thus won’t produce male plantsThe taste and aroma are spicy and floral, with pungent notes of diesel
