---
book: "cannastore"
icon: "seed"
itemtype: "Product"
seed_id: "1530035"
title: "Screwdriver OG Feminized Seeds"
description: "Screwdriver OG Feminized is a 30% indica / 70% sativa strain, with 60 to 70 days flowering times. It’s a classic sativa with an XL yield."
image: "https://img.sensiseeds.com/en/research/screwdriver-og-feminized-image.png"
slug: "/en-screwdriver-og-feminized-seeds"
url: "https://sensiseeds.com/en/research/screwdriver-og-feminized?a_aid=cannastore"
price: 75
currency: "eur"
number_of_seeds: 10
category: "Sensi Seeds Research"
flowering_min: 60
flowering_max: 70
strain_type: "Feminized"
climate_zone: "Sunny / Mediterranean"
yield: "XXL Yield"
heigh_gain: "High plant"
locale: "en"
---
Screwdriver OG Feminized is a sativa lover’s delight. Two flavour sensations, Purple Punch and Clementine, were united to form this new strain. The result is a strain that boasts an even more impressive terpene and flavour profile than the originals. Exotic fruits and lime mojito notes dazzle the senses with a heavy and consuming presence. Screwdriver OG grows great indoors and outdoors for gardens located in warm, Mediterranean climates.The growth pattern of Screwdriver OG FeminizedScrewdriver OG Feminized seeds are a sativa-dominant variety. This dominance is notably expressed in the morphology, bud formation, and flavour. Plants grow with a thick and elongated meristem and reach a finished height considered average to tall. Although the indica influence shows in the large leaves, the sativa influence keeps the overall structure open. Therefore, Screwdriver OG may benefit from occasional defoliation.Screwdriver OG is feminized, so there’s no need to worry about male plants taking up valuable space in the garden. Screwdriver OG has a common flowering time of 60 to 70 days, making it an excellent choice to run in gardens with various other strains.Screwdriver OG Feminized seeds finish as tall plants due largely to the strong sativa lineage. The thick main stem, with its many lateral branches, will often reach heights of 180 cm in indoor grow environments. Long lateral branches may need support as buds weigh them down during flowering. Outdoor growers can anticipate moderately taller plants from Screwdriver OG.Thanks to the dense and conical bud structure of Screwdriver OG, cultivators are reporting XL yields. Indoor cultivators regularly pull in a massive 500 to 600 grams per m2. Under the natural sun, cultivators report even larger yields of 600 grams per plant. The buds of Screwdriver OG are small but plentiful. Often, the conical and dense buds form in clusters on the branches, giving the appearance of a chunky, sativa leaning plant. Light olive-green buds are covered with a blanket of beautiful orange pistils. Adding to the overall impression is a creamy white layer of sticky trichomes.Screwdriver OG Feminized is a strain that can be grown successfully by the novice and mastered by the experienced. Outdoors, she prefers a warm, Mediterranean climate. Indoors she thrives when conditions like the temperature and humidity are maintained at standard levels. Of the many possible training techniques, the one repeatedly showing great results is the SCROG technique.Effect, taste, and smell of Screwdriver OG FeminizedScrewdriver OG Feminized is a 30% indica and 70% sativa strain that leans towards the sativa side in all regards. Sativa dominance is apparent in the effects, smell and flavour when sampling the dried flowers. The effects are uplifting and the flavours are sweet and tropical. The aromas are pungent and citrusy. Screwdriver OG is a great choice for those seeking a new sativa favourite for the collection.Take a trip to the moon with this rocket ship of a strain. Screwdriver OG has that classical sativa blast-off to begin the journey. Energy abounds from this new strain, and many people have mentioned increased creativity. It is no wonder that such an uplifting and euphoric strain like Screwdriver OG would be the ideal daytime treat for so many. This strain is perfect for those looking to maintain high motivation levels throughout the day.Partially due to the heavy flower-set of Screwdriver OG Feminized seeds, this plant can become particularly stinky during the flowering phase of growth and areas around any indoor garden growing Screwdriver OG will be filled with a thick and unmistakable citrusy aroma. An air filtration system is common for growers looking to minimise odours escaping the grow area. Smells emanating from the dried flower are similar to the thick and mouth-watering aromas detected during the flowering phase. As Screwdriver OG Feminized goes through the curing process, pungent fruity scents rise to the top. This scent mixes with the strong citrus notes to complete the classically sativa terpene profile of Screwdriver OG.Screwdriver OG Feminized is a special plant, but when the flavour combination hits people, many are left asking how it could be possible. Sweet and bitter elements of grapefruit collide with the eye-watering, orangey citrus components. An explosion of sharp, pineapple citrus comes from nowhere, complimented by unique lime mojito notes. A delightful and complex arraignment of sativa inspired flavours are part of every Screwdriver OG Feminized bud.
